📝 Update README with content (#12)
ncpi-fhir/ncpi-fhir-utility: README.md

# 🔥 NCPI FHIR Utility
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/ncpi-fhir/ncpi-fhir-utility/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ncpi-fhir/ncpi-fhir-utility.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
  <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/ncpi-fhir/ncpi-fhir-utility"><img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/ncpi-fhir/ncpi-fhir-utility.svg?style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

A small Python library and CLI that aids in FHIR model development.

Some features are:

> 1. **Validation** - the CLI wraps the Java-based [HL7 FHIR IG Publisher](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/IG+Publisher+Documentation) and provides a more user friendly interface to
>    it. Also adds additional validation to ensure consistency in FHIR resource
>    file names and payloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Validation** - Provides a more user-friendly interface to the Java-based [HL7 FHIR IG Publisher](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/IG+Publisher+Documentation). It also adds additional validation to ensure consistency among FHIR resource file names and payloads.
```

> 2. **Publish the model** - POST a directory of FHIR resources to a FHIR server

Reviewer: this is a verb, but the others are nouns, so it feels out of place

```suggestion
2. **Model publication** - Submits a directory of FHIR resources to a FHIR server.
```

> 3. **JSON/XML conversion** - Convert FHIR resource payloads between JSON and XML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **JSON/XML conversion** - Converts FHIR resource payloads between JSON and XML.
```

> ## Installation
> 1. Git clone this repository
> 
> ```bash
> $ git clone git@github.com:ncpi-fhir/ncpi-fhir-utility.git
> $ cd ncpi-fhir-utility
> ```
> 
> 2. Setup a Python virtual environment
> 
> ```bash
> # Create virtualenv
> $ python3 -m venv venv
> 
> # Activate virtualenv
> $ source ./venv/bin/activate
> ```
> 
> 3. Install the necessary requirements
> 
> ```bash
> $ pip install -e .
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install with pip

`pip install git+https://github.com/ncpi-fhir/ncpi-fhir-utility.git`

```

Side note: any package that doesn't work without the -e flag has a broken setup or is missing \_\_init\_\_.py files

Test the installation by running the CLI: `fhirutil -h`. You should see
something that contains:
```
Usage: fhirutil [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  A CLI utility for validating FHIR Profiles and Resources
```

> 4. Install Docker CE: https://docs.docker.com/install/

Reviewer: I think this should go before installation as a prerequisite

Docker is needed because the `fhirutil` CLI executes the model validation
inside a Docker container which runs the HL7 FHIR IG Publisher.

## Model Validation

The `fhirutil` validation feature is meant to be used on a folder which follows
the required structure and content of a FHIR ImplementationGuide. The
phrase "FHIR model" refers to the conformance resources in the
ImplementationGuide.

### Setup

```shell

> # Copy a FHIR resource into the test IG

Reviewer: I think comments should probably go outside of the command invocation block

cp tests/data/profiles/valid/StructureDefinition-participant.json tests/data/site_root/input/resources/profiles
```

### Validate
You can use the CLI in two different ways to aid in validating your model:

1. Use the CLI to do all steps of validation:

- Add necessary configuration for the FHIR resources in your model to the
  ImplementationGuide FHIR resource
- Validate file names and FHIR resource IDs

> - Invoke the Dockerized version of the IG Publisher to validate the model

Reviewer: Should be ordered sublist?

```shell

> $ fhirmodel validate tests/data/site_root --publisher_opts='-tx n/a'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ fhirutil validate tests/data/site_root --publisher_opts='-tx n/a'
```

Reviewer: `Error: Invalid value for "IG_CONTROL_FILEPATH": File "tests/data/site_root" is a directory.` ?

```

2. Use the CLI along with the native IG Publisher:

- Add necessary configuration for the FHIR resources in your model to the
  ImplementationGuide FHIR resource
- Validate file names and FHIR resource IDs

> - Run the IG Publisher Java jar natively on your machine to validate the model

Reviewer: Should be ordered sublist?

```shell
$ fhirutil add ./tests/data/site_root/input/resources
$ java -jar org.hl7.fhir.publisher.jar -ig site_root/ig.ini -tx n/a
```

> This method is a bit faster since it's running the IG Publisher on your machine
> and does not need to spin up a Docker container.
> 
> See [instructions](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/IG+Publisher+Documentation#IGPublisherDocumentation-Installing) for installing
> the IG publisher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is a bit faster since it's running the IG Publisher directly and does not need to spin up a Docker container, but it means that you must first install the IG Publisher yourself ([IG Publisher installation instructions](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/IG+Publisher+Documentation#IGPublisherDocumentation-Installing)).
```
